Arch considerations upgrading (#919)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/3.1/docs/tsa-arch/daml-app-arch-design.rst

* Retry behavior: Since retrying failed command submissions is required by every component of the application that needs to send commands to the ledger, it usually makes sense to package this capability in a reusable fashion.
* Idempotency: Since commands to the ledger may be recomputed and resubmitted due to retries and/or crashes, it is important to ensure that writes to the ledger are idempotent.
  
  A simple way of achieving this is to make the command sent to the ledger consume some of its input. For example, exercising a consuming choice on the contract that led to sending the command.
  

>   Another technique is to use command deduplication. Participant nodes provide a mechanism in the Ledger API to ensure that they execute a command at most once. This mechanism is known as command deduplication. It works by the participant node storing the command ID and deduplicating later submissions with the same command ID. For details on the mechanics of command deduplication, see the Ledger API documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Another technique is to use command deduplication. Participant nodes provide a mechanism known as command deduplication in the Ledger API to ensure that they execute a command at most once. The participant node stores the command ID and deduplicates later submissions with the same command ID. For details on the mechanics of command deduplication, see the Ledger API documentation.
```
Link to the Ledger API documentation here?
